entity-logo|Entity Logo/Avarta|open
entity-rbn|Entity Registration Number|required
entity-dor|Entity Date of Registration|required
entity-name|Entity Name|required
entity-department|Entity Department|open
entity-address|Entity Street Address|required
entity-suburb|Entity Suburb|required
entity-state|Entity State/Province|required
entity-postcode|Entity Postcode|required
entity-country|Entity Country|required
entity-email|Your Personal Entity Email|required
entity-manager-email|Your Entity Managers Email|required
entity-accountant-email|Entity Accountant's Email|open
entity-paypal-email|Entity PayPal Email|open
entity-phone|Entity Phone Number|required|open
entity-fax|Entity Fax Number|open
entity-mobile|Entity Mobile Number|open
entity-twitter|Entity's Twitter Profile URL|open
entity-facebook|Entity's Facebook Page/Group URL|open
entity-linkedin|Entity's Linked-in Group URL|open
entity-googleplus|Entity's Google+ Page URL|open
entity-youtube|Entity's YouTube Channel URL|open
entity-blog|Entity's Journal/Blog URL|open